Running Cognitive Services on Azure Container Instances (ACI) ‘in less than 10 minutes’
Here the steps involved to run cognitive services containers onto Azure Container Instances (ACI)
Step 1 – Create Cognitive Services resource
A)	Create a Cognitive Services resource for Text Analytics – 
a.	Sign into https://portal.azure.com , Click ‘create resource’
b.	Navigate to ‘AI + Machine Learning’  Cognitive Services  Text Analytics  Create (here is a shortcut to create resource - https://ms.portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.CognitiveServicesTextAnalytics )
c.	Provide below details
i.	Name – your choice
ii.	Subscription (your subscription)
iii.	Location – ‘West US 2’  change to EU
iv.	Select Pricing Tier - F0
v.	Resource Group – available resource group
d.	Click Create
B)	Once resource created, navigate to the resource page and collect below information to a temporary notepad.
a.	Billing Endpoint – click overview page and copy endpoint similar to this - https://<>.api.cognitive.microsoft.com/text/analytics/v2.0
b.	API Key – Click Keys on the same resource page, copy Key1 or Key2 of your choice 

Step 2 – Launch Text Analytics Containers on Azure Container Instances (ACI) 
A)	Create an Azure Container Instance resource - 
a.	From the  portal https://portal.azure.com , Click ‘create resource’
b.	Navigate to ‘Containers’  Container Instances, here is a shortcut to create ACI resource - https://ms.portal.azure.com/#create/microsoft.containerinstances
c.	Provide below details on ‘Basics’ page -
i.	Subscription name - 
ii.	Resource Group – 
iii.	Container Name – ‘sentimentcontainer’
iv.	Region – (US) West US 2  change to EU
v.	Image type – Public
vi.	Image name - mcr.microsoft.com/azure-cognitive-services/sentiment
vii.	OS Type – Linux
viii.	Size – by default ACI basics page will show 1vcpu and 1.5GB memory, but we need to change it by clicking ‘change size’
1.	Number of CPU cores – 2
2.	Memory GB – 4
3.	GPU - None
d.	Click OK
e.	Click Next Networking
B)	On the networking page, edit the existing port for TCP from ‘80’ to ‘5000’  this means we are trying to expose container on port 5000
a.	Update the port to 5000
b.	Click Advanced to provide environmental variables.
C)	Set Configuration and Environment Variables – 
a.	Environment variables – you should specify three environment variables here in key and value section as mentioned below
Key	Value
eula	accept
apikey	apikey from cognitive services keys page
billing	billing endpoint from cognitive services overview page

b.	Command Override – leave it blank
c.	Click next and don’t mentioned anything at Tags page
d.	Click ‘next – Review and Create’ and click ‘create’

D)	After validation passed, click OK again for the resource to get created.
E)	Once deployment complete you will be notified in the Notifications.
F)	Navigate to the ACI resource, select overview page.
G)	On the overview page, copy the IP address and try to resolve in IE – http://<IPAddress>:5000 (since you mentioned port 5000 for the container to get exposed.
H)	You will see a page similar to below
